
share/applications/ghostty.desktop
share/ghostty/bin/ghostty
share/ghostty/share/bash-completion/completions/ghostty.bash
share/ghostty/share/bat/syntaxes/ghostty.sublime-syntax
share/ghostty/share/fish/vendor_completions.d/ghostty.fish
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/doc/ghostty.1.html
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/doc/ghostty.1.md
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/doc/ghostty.5.html
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/doc/ghostty.5.md
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/shell-integration/bash/bash-preexec.sh
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/shell-integration/bash/ghostty.bash
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/shell-integration/elvish/lib/ghostty-integration.elv
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/shell-integration/fish/vendor_conf.d/ghostty-shell-integration.fish
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/shell-integration/zsh/.zshenv
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/shell-integration/zsh/ghostty-integration
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/0x96f
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/12-bit Rainbow
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/3024 Day
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/3024 Night
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Aardvark Blue
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Abernathy
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Adventure
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Adventure Time
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Adwaita
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Adwaita Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Afterglow
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Alabaster
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Alien Blood
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Andromeda
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Apple Classic
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Apple System Colors
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Apple System Colors Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Arcoiris
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ardoise
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Argonaut
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Arthur
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Atelier Sulphurpool
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Atom
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Atom One Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Atom One Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Aura
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Aurora
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ayu
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ayu Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ayu Mirage
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Banana Blueberry
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Batman
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Belafonte Day
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Belafonte Night
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Birds Of Paradise
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Bathory)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Burzum)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Dark Funeral)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Gorgoroth)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Immortal)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Khold)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Marduk)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Mayhem)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Nile)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Black Metal (Venom)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Blazer
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Blue Berry Pie
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Blue Dolphin
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Blue Matrix
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Bluloco Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Bluloco Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Borland
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Box
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Breadog
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Breeze
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Bright Lights
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Broadcast
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Brogrammer
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Builtin Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Builtin Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Builtin Pastel Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Builtin Solarized Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Builtin Solarized Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Builtin Tango Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Builtin Tango Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/C64
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/CGA
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/CLRS
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Calamity
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Catppuccin Frappe
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Catppuccin Latte
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Catppuccin Macchiato
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Catppuccin Mocha
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Chalk
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Chalkboard
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Challenger Deep
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Chester
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ciapre
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Citruszest
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cobalt Neon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cobalt Next
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cobalt Next Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cobalt Next Minimal
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cobalt2
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Coffee Theme
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Crayon Pony Fish
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cursor Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cutie Pro
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cyberdyne
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cyberpunk
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Cyberpunk Scarlet Protocol
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Dark Modern
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Dark Pastel
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Dark+
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Darkermatrix
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Darkmatrix
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Darkside
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Dayfox
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Deep
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Desert
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Detuned
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Dimidium
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Dimmed Monokai
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Django
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Django Reborn Again
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Django Smooth
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Doom One
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Doom Peacock
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Dot Gov
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Dracula
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Dracula+
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Duckbones
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Duotone Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/ENCOM
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Earthsong
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Electron Highlighter
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Elegant
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Elemental
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Elementary
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Embark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Embers Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Espresso
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Espresso Libre
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Everblush
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Everforest Dark   Hard
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Everforest Light   Med
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Fahrenheit
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Fairyfloss
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Farmhouse Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Farmhouse Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Fideloper
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Firefly Traditional
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Firefox Dev
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Firewatch
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Fish Tank
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Flat
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Flatland
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Flexoki Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Flexoki Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Floraverse
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Forest Blue
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Framer
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Front End Delight
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Fun Forrest
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Galaxy
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Galizur
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ghostty Default Style Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitHub
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitHub Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitHub Dark Colorblind
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitHub Dark Default
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitHub Dark Dimmed
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitHub Dark High Contrast
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitHub Light Colorblind
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitHub Light Default
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitHub Light High Contrast
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitLab Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitLab Dark Grey
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/GitLab Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Glacier
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Grape
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Grass
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Grey Green
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Gruber Darker
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Gruvbox Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Gruvbox Dark Hard
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Gruvbox Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Gruvbox Light Hard
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Gruvbox Material
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Guezwhoz
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/HaX0R Blue
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/HaX0R Gr33N
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/HaX0R R3D
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Hacktober
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Hardcore
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Harper
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Havn Daggry
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Havn Skumring
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Heeler
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Highway
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Hipster Green
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Hivacruz
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Homebrew
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Hopscotch
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Hopscotch.256
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Horizon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Horizon Bright
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Hurtado
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Hybrid
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/IBM 5153 CGA
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/IBM 5153 CGA (Black)
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/IC Green PPL
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/IC Orange PPL
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/IR Black
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/IRIX Console
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/IRIX Terminal
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Iceberg Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Iceberg Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Idea
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Idle Toes
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Jackie Brown
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Japanesque
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Jellybeans
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/JetBrains Darcula
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Jubi
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Kanagawa Dragon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Kanagawa Wave
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Kanagawabones
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Kibble
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Kitty Default
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Kitty Low Contrast
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Kolorit
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Konsolas
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Kurokula
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Lab Fox
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Laser
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Later This Evening
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Lavandula
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Light Owl
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Liquid Carbon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Liquid Carbon Transparent
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Liquid Carbon Transparent Inverse
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Lovelace
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Man Page
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Mariana
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Material
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Material Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Material Darker
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Material Design Colors
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Material Ocean
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Mathias
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Matrix
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Medallion
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Melange Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Melange Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Mellifluous
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Mellow
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Miasma
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Midnight In Mojave
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Mirage
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Misterioso
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Molokai
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Mona Lisa
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Classic
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Pro
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Pro Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Pro Light Sun
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Pro Machine
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Pro Octagon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Pro Ristretto
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Pro Spectrum
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Remastered
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Soda
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Monokai Vivid
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Moonfly
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/N0Tch2K
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Neobones Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Neobones Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Neon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Neopolitan
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Neutron
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Night Lion V1
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Night Lion V2
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Night Owl
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Night Owlish Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Nightfox
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Niji
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Nocturnal Winter
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Nord
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Nord Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Nord Wave
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Novel
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Nvim Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Nvim Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Obsidian
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ocean
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Oceanic Material
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Oceanic Next
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ollie
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/One Double Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/One Double Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/One Half Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/One Half Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Operator Mono Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Overnight Slumber
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Oxocarbon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Pale Night Hc
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Pandora
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Paraiso Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Paul Millr
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Pencil Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Pencil Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Peppermint
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Phala Green Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Piatto Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Pnevma
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Popping And Locking
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Powershell
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Primary
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Pro
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Pro Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Purple Rain
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Purplepeter
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Rapture
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Raycast Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Raycast Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Rebecca
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Red Alert
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Red Planet
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Red Sands
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Relaxed
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Retro
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Retro Legends
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Rippedcasts
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Rose Pine
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Rose Pine Dawn
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Rose Pine Moon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Rouge 2
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Royal
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ryuuko
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Sakura
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Scarlet Protocol
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Sea Shells
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Seafoam Pastel
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Selenized Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Selenized Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Seoulbones Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Seoulbones Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Seti
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Shades Of Purple
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Shaman
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Slate
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Sleepy Hollow
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Smyck
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Snazzy
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Snazzy Soft
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Soft Server
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Solarized Darcula
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Solarized Dark Higher Contrast
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Solarized Dark Patched
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Solarized Osaka Night
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Sonokai
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Spacedust
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Spacegray
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Spacegray Bright
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Spacegray Eighties
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Spacegray Eighties Dull
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Spiderman
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Spring
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Square
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Squirrelsong Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Srcery
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Starlight
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Sublette
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Subliminal
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Sugarplum
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Sundried
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Symfonic
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Synthwave
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Synthwave Alpha
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Synthwave Everything
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tango Adapted
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tango Half Adapted
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tearout
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Teerb
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Terafox
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Terminal Basic
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Terminal Basic Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Thayer Bright
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/The Hulk
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tinacious Design Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tinacious Design Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/TokyoNight
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/TokyoNight Day
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/TokyoNight Moon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/TokyoNight Night
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/TokyoNight Storm
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tomorrow
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tomorrow Night
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tomorrow Night Blue
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tomorrow Night Bright
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tomorrow Night Burns
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Tomorrow Night Eighties
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Toy Chest
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Treehouse
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Twilight
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ubuntu
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ultra Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Ultra Violent
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Under The Sea
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Unikitty
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Urple
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Vague
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Vaughn
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Vercel
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Vesper
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Vibrant Ink
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Vimbones
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Violet Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Violet Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Violite
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Warm Neon
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Wez
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Whimsy
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Wild Cherry
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Wilmersdorf
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Wombat
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Wryan
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Xcode Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Xcode Dark hc
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Xcode Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Xcode Light hc
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Xcode WWDC
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Zenbones
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Zenbones Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Zenbones Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Zenburn
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Zenburned
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Zenwritten Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/Zenwritten Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/iTerm2 Dark Background
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/iTerm2 Default
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/iTerm2 Light Background
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/iTerm2 Pastel Dark Background
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/iTerm2 Smoooooth
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/iTerm2 Solarized Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/iTerm2 Solarized Light
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/iTerm2 Tango Dark
share/ghostty/share/ghostty/themes/iTerm2 Tango Light
share/ghostty/share/man/man1/ghostty.1
share/ghostty/share/man/man5/ghostty.5
share/ghostty/share/nvim/site/compiler/ghostty.vim
share/ghostty/share/nvim/site/ftdetect/ghostty.vim
share/ghostty/share/nvim/site/ftplugin/ghostty.vim
share/ghostty/share/nvim/site/syntax/ghostty.vim
share/ghostty/share/site-terminfo/g/ghostty
share/ghostty/share/site-terminfo/x/xterm-ghostty
share/ghostty/share/vim/vimfiles/compiler/ghostty.vim
share/ghostty/share/vim/vimfiles/ftdetect/ghostty.vim
share/ghostty/share/vim/vimfiles/ftplugin/ghostty.vim
share/ghostty/share/vim/vimfiles/syntax/ghostty.vim
share/ghostty/share/zsh/site-functions/_ghostty
share/icons/hicolor/1024x1024/apps/ghostty.png
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/ghostty.png
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/ghostty.png
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/ghostty.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/ghostty.png
share/icons/hicolor/512x512/apps/ghostty.png
